Add warning concerning the migration of customized admin credentials (#2416)
scality/metalk8s: docs/operation/upgrade.rst

Before proceeding with the upgrade procedure, make sure to complete the
pre-requisites listed in :doc:`/operation/preparation`.

Run pre-check
-------------
You can test if your environment will successfully upgrade with the following
command.
This will simulate the upgrade prechecks and provide an overview of the
changes to be carried out in your MetalK8s cluster.

.. important::

    The version prefix metalk8s-**X.X.X** as used below during a MetalK8s
    upgrade must be the new MetalK8s version you would like to upgrade
    to.

   .. code::

     /srv/scality/metalk8s-X.X.X/upgrade.sh --destination-version \
       <destination_version> --dry-run --verbose

Backup old credentials
----------------------
Starting 2.5.0, MetalK8s will henceforth implement OpenID Connect (OIDC) based
authentication for both the MetalK8s UI and Grafana UI. Both UIs now make use

> of a common user store and ofcourse a common access credential.

Reviewer: Not sure we want to talk about UIs here: it's K8s and Grafana APIs which are authenticated.
Now, an interesting note to give to users is that both K8s and Grafana will be configured to use the same OIDC provider, as you stated in the last sentence (but using "OIDC provider" instead of "user store and access credential" would make it more obvious, IMHO).

Author: Done

.. warning::

>     To run an upgrade to version 2.5.0, MetalK8s administrators **must**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Before running an upgrade from 2.4.x to 2.5.0 or higher, MetalK8s administrators **must**
```

>     perform a manual backup/save the passwords set for MetalK8s UI and Grafana

Reviewer: We can't really "backup" anything, they are passwords. Once set, they are encrypted, so no way to put those back into a new system. You need to "remember" them :innocent: 

Maybe rephrase to:
```suggestion
    ensure all static users defined in `/etc/htpasswd` can be recreated,
    and if any, all users that were defined in Grafana.
```

Author: Done

    UI. Failure to save these credentials will mean administrators accept

>     losing old credentials upon upgrade.

Reviewer: No, actually we shouldn't formulate it like this. Instead, say that the upgrade procedure will be destructive, and that passwords will be reset to their default values, so the user needs to save them.

Author: ok

After upgrade is complete, administrators can later follow
:ref:`this procedure <Change-dex-static-user-password>` to re-instate/restore

> admin credentials.

Reviewer: Not sure referencing these docs in 2.4 will work well. Instead, maybe just mention that a procedure for configuring the OIDC provider's user store will be provided in the next version.

Author: Done

Before proceeding with the upgrade procedure, make sure to complete the
pre-requisites listed in :doc:`/operation/preparation`.

Run pre-check
-------------
You can test if your environment will successfully upgrade with the following
command.
This will simulate the upgrade prechecks and provide an overview of the
changes to be carried out in your MetalK8s cluster.

.. important::

    The version prefix metalk8s-**X.X.X** as used below during a MetalK8s
    upgrade must be the new MetalK8s version you would like to upgrade
    to.

   .. code::

     /srv/scality/metalk8s-X.X.X/upgrade.sh --destination-version \
       <destination_version> --dry-run --verbose

Backup old credentials
----------------------
Starting 2.5.0, MetalK8s will henceforth implement OpenID Connect (OIDC) based

> authentication. Both K8s and Grafana will be configured to make use of thesame

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authentication. Both K8s and Grafana will be configured to make use of the same
```

Author: done

OIDC provider.

.. warning::

    Before running an upgrade from 2.4.x to 2.5.0 or higher, MetalK8s
    administrators **must** ensure all static users defined in
    ``/etc/kubernetes/htpasswd`` can be recreated, and if any, all users that
    were defined in Grafana.

>     The upgrade procedure will result in all admin credentialss being reset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The upgrade procedure will result in all admin credentials being reset
```

>     The upgrade procedure from 2.4.x to 2.5.0 or higher will result to admin
>     set usernames and passwords being resetted to default values. MetalK8s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The upgrade procedure will result in all admin credentialss being reset
    to their default values, and any additional user being removed. MetalK8s
```

Author: Done

    administrators need to remember and reconfigure these username/password
    pairs.

After upgrade is complete, a procedure for configuring the OIDC provider (Dex)

> user store will be provided in the next version.

Reviewer: Maybe leave this in the warning block

Author: Done
